fix typo and grammar in CONTRIBUTING.md (#602)
freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributor's Guide

'HOW TO CONTRIBUTE TO OPEN SOURCE' accepts PR's (pull requests) from **newbies**
only. This is to help **newbies** get familiar with the contribution processes.

Issues can be submitted by anyone - either seasoned developers or newbies.

**Contents**

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Submitting a Pull Request](#submitting-a-pull-request)
- [Adding to the Main README](#adding-to-the-main-readme)

> - [Adding to Non-English README](#adding-to-non-English-readme)

Reviewer: This isn't necessary, as this is simply a link.

```suggestion
- [Adding to Non-English README](#adding-to-non-english-readme)
```

Author: Done.

    and
    [here to practice](http://www.markdowntutorial.com/).

    *   If you are adding a new project/organization to the README, make sure
        it's listed in alphabetical order.
    *   If you are adding a new organization, make sure you add an organization

>         label to the organization name. This would help distinguish projects
>         from organisation ones.

Reviewer: To be more clear and consistent.

```suggestion
        label to the organization name. This would help distinguish projects
        from organizations.
```

Author: Done.

8.  Submit a pull request.

    Within GitHub, visit this main repository and you should see a banner
    suggesting that you make a pull request. While you're writing up the pull
    request, you can add `Closes #XXX` in the message body where `#XXX` is the

>     issue you're fixing. Therefore, an example would be `Closes #42` that would close the issue

Reviewer: This becomes wordy and how it was before makes sense when reading the code-formatted text as special and not as you would with a normal word.

```suggestion
    issue you're fixing. Therefore, an example would be `Closes #42` would close issue
```

Author: Done.

    `#42`.

### Submitting a Pull Request

[What is a Pull Request?](https://yangsu.github.io/pull-request-tutorial/)

If you decide to fix an issue, it's advisable to check the comment thread to see if there's somebody already working on a fix. If no one is working on it, kindly leave a comment stating that you intend to work on it. By doing that,
other people don't accidentally duplicate your effort.

In a situation where somebody decides to fix an issue but doesn't follow up

> for a particular space in time, say 2-3 weeks, it's acceptable to still pick

Reviewer: Odd wording.

```suggestion
for a particular period of time, say 2-3 weeks, it's acceptable to still pick
```

Author: Done.

So you have the project page itself at the top. This can be the front-facing website or GitHub page.

Next, we ask to link to the contributing page. This will give direction to people who want to contribute. This file is important to read so that you understand what is expected from contributors who have not contributed to their project before.

> Lastly, we want to link to beginner-friendly labels. These are typical `Good First Issue` or something similar.

Reviewer: Again, previous is more natural sounding if you read the code-formatted words as special labels rather than normal English you would read.

```suggestion
Lastly, we want to link to beginner-friendly labels. These are typically `Good First Issue` or something similar.
```

Author: Done.
